Cohort 32 Class Reunion

It’s the year of 2032 and the class of 2019, cohort 32, has decided to have a class reunion.
They decide it’s best if they all have the reunion at the school. That way they can see all
of their former teachers and new students. It’s an exciting time for those past students of
of their former teachers and new students. It’s an exciting time for those past students of
cohort 32. The date for this specific event has been decided to be held on March 21st, 2032.


Project Showcase

The project showcase is also happening at this time, but the students were able to get the ay ok from,
whoever is in charge of such things, and they finalized the date for the reunion to be March 21st, 2032.


The Biomechanical Outbreak

During Neumont’s special project showcase event, A student decided that it would be a good idea to 
showcase a biomechanical miniature lifeform to show to his fellow students and professors. His initial 
idea was for the creature to be harmless and intriguing to his audience. But things took a turn for the 
worse, and the creature was all but harmless. It began causing mayhem among the school. It found a host to latch on
to which turned out to be an unlucky professor. After finding its host it worked on trapping everyone that was in the building.


The Worst Reunion Ever

The students of Cohort 32 who attended their reunion got caught up in the
mayhem, and no one was able to escape.


Where We Come In

There were only three lucky souls who weren’t affected. These three are known
as Lawrence Douglas, Errlin Deleon, and David Duran. They hadn’t been able to make it to the reunion. 
They all agreed that they’d venture off to the school the very next day. The next day they came to school
only to find that everything within a 25 mile radius of the school was completely covered in what seemed to be some kind of fleshy substance (Don’t ask). They all seemed
weirded out and started to head back home, but Lawrence decided it would be a good idea to go check it out (decided it wouldn’t be as cliche if the black person decided to go check it out)
With hesitation the gang decided it  would be best to go inside and see just what the hell was going on.


What Hell Have I Gotten Myself Into

They journey inside the belly of the beast. They see all kinds of horrific things. Eventually they make it to one student who 
has the answers as to what exactly is going on. They figure out that this student was the cause, but he knows how to undo his wrong doings. 
They eventually figure out how to undo his wrong doings and set forth to find the monster known as, well we haven’t 
come up with a name yet, Mr. Cox. We find and ultimately defeat the monster. The parasite, or whatever we plan to call it, is destroyed and Cox 
is freed. All of the fleshy substance that covered the streets and insides of the school are all gone and everyone is saved.
